refactor: update the main readme file (#701)
code-pushup/cli: README.md

[![CI](https://github.com/code-pushup/cli/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/code-pushup/cli/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/code-pushup/cli/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=Y7V489JZ4A)](https://codecov.io/gh/code-pushup/cli)

> <h1 align="center">🔎🔬Code quality integrations for any tool📉🔍</h1>

Reviewer: IMHO this huge centered heading looks terrible :-1: Paired with the overall excess of large and/or bold text and repeated phrases, this whole section of the README now looks like a crummy ad :grimacing: 

![image](https://github.com/code-pushup/cli/assets/34691111/ce645f65-45b7-4fd1-b0e8-3228357f5167)

Author: moved it as bold to the top

<h3>Code quality tools are like phone chargers. Everyone has a different plug.</h3>

- **Incomplete or missing tracking** due to a mix of portals and custom tools is costly and unreliable

> - **No Standards** in data and processes leads to flaky, self-maintained zombies

Reviewer: What is a "self-maintained zombie"? Don't you mean "unmaintained"? Self-maintained sounds like it would be a good thing :grin:

Author: used unmaintained

- **Results are spread** over multiple places and need manual steps

<h2>Standards for code quality that integrates any tool</h2>

<h3>Automated CI Integration</h3>

- **Seamless integration** into any CI pipeline with full control.

> - Our tool **works on all platforms** like GitHub, Gitlab, Bitbucket etc.

Reviewer: We don't support all platforms. We don't support Bitbucket.

Author: ok

> - Get updates [on every PR](./packages/cli/README.md#-ci-automation)!

Reviewer: I would link to the GitHub Action instead (includes PR feedback): https://github.com/marketplace/actions/code-pushup

Author: linked

---

<h3>Zero config setup</h3>

- [📦 @code-pushup/cli](./packages/cli#readme)
  - **CLI** for **collecting** audit results and **uploading** report to portal.

>   - [Get started in no time!](./packages/cli/README.md#getting-started)

Reviewer: `Zero config setup` and `Get started in no time!` are false marketing at this point. In reality it's likely that quite a lot of configuration is needed (to some extent that's by design because of all the flexibility), I don't think it's good to mislead people about that.

Author: changed to flexible

---

<h3>Officially supported plugins </h3>

- 🧩 [@code-pushup/eslint-plugin](./packages/plugin-eslint#readme)
  - Static analysis using **ESLint** rules
- 🧩 [@code-pushup/coverage-plugin](./packages/plugin-coverage#readme)
  - **Test Coverage** analysis
- 🧩 [@code-pushup/js-packages-plugin](./packages/plugin-js-packages#readme)
  - Package audit on **Security** and **Outdates**
- 🧩 [@code-pushup/lighthouse-plugin](./packages/plugin-lighthouse#readme)
  - web performance and best practices from **Lighthouse**

---

<h3>Custom Plugins</h3>

- 🛠️ [Integrate your own metric with custom plugins](./packages/cli/README.md#getting-started)
  - Example plugins repo
  - Docs
- 📦 [@code-pushup/models](./packages/models#readme)
  - **schemas and types** for data models (useful for custom plugins or other integrations
- 📦 [@code-pushup/utils](./packages/utils#readme)

>   - various **utilities** (useful for custom plugins or other integrations)

Author: linked

  <!-- [Get enterprise support](https://code-pushup.dev/enterprise-support) -->

<h2>How It Works!</h2>

<ol>
<li>
<b>Configure</b><br/>

> Pick form a set of supported packages or include your own ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pick from a set of supported packages or include your own ideas.
```

</li>
<li>
<b>Integrate</b><br/>

> Use our integration guide and packages to setup CI integration in minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use our integration guide and packages to set up CI integration in minutes.
```

</li>
<li>
<b>Observe</b><br/>
Guard regressions and track improvements with every code change.
</li>
<li>
<b>Wing it!</b><br/>
Watch improve, share reports
</li>

> </ol>

Reviewer: Why is everything using HTML tags instead of normal Markdown formatting?

Author: formatted

<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" border="0">
<tr>
<td>
<img alt="Code-Pushup Logo" src="./packages/cli/docs/images/code-pushup-logo.png"> 
</td>
<td>
<h2>Just follow the score</h2>
<h3>See regressions - Report scores - On every PR</h3>
<!-- link when web landing is ready <a href="./packages/cli/README.md#getting-started">Try our paid features</a> -->

</td>
</tr>

</table>

<h2>Want to support us?</h2>

<ul>

> <li><a href="./CONTRIBUTING.md">Contribute</a></li>

Reviewer: When I first read this, I thought `Contribute` was asking for donations :sweat_smile:
